README.md, before:

# React-Portfolio
Jingyue's Portfolio Site Created with React

## Discription

This project is to develop the initial scaffolding of my portfolio site by using React and mobile-first design. The portfolio uses React and Navigation using React Router, dynamic rendering. It renders these 10 components: App, Header, Footer, Home page, Projects page, ProjectCard, Contact page, ContactInfo, ContactForm, and Jumbotron. The styles can be based on bootstrap with personalised color palette and additional touch. 

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Available Scripts](#available-scripts)
- [Learn More](#learn-more)

## Installation

The portfolio is successfully deployed on GitHub pages. However, there are some steps required to create a React App. 
To install necessary dependencies, run the following command: `npx create-react-app my-app`

## Usage

The deployed application can be accessed following [this link](https://dr-jingyuezhao.github.io/react-portfolio/), and the repository can be accessed following [the link to GitHub repo](https://github.com/dr-jingyuezhao/react-portfolio).

The portfolio contains the following information:
- My name
- Links to my:
    - GitHub profile (My GitHub)
    - LinkedIn page (My LinkedIn)
    - CV in PDF format (My CV)
    - Email address (Email Me)
    - Phone number (Call Me)
- Each project has the following information:
    - Project title
    - GIF or screenshot of the deployed application
    - Link to the deployed version (Link to the Project)
    - Link to the GitHub repository (Learn More on GitHub)

**Application demo**

The following images demonstrate the application's appearance and functionality:

![application demo](./assets/images/app-demo-1_2023-02-26.jpg)
![application demo](./assets/images/app-demo-2_2023-02-26.jpg)

## Credits

The application is created by following the instructions of Deploying a React App to GitHub Pages. Some JSX code is based on my bootstrap portfolio with modifications.

Resources:

- https://github.com/gitname/react-gh-pages
- https://reactrouter.com/en/6.8.2
- https://reactgo.com/react-open-link-new-tab/
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45596329/display-pdf-in-reactjs
- https://beta.reactjs.org/reference/react/useState

## Contributing

Create a personal fork of the project on Github and make a clean pull request.

## Questions

If you have any questions about this project, please open an issue or contact me directly at jzhao@gmail.com. 
You can view my profile and find more of my work following [the link to my GitHub profile](https://github.com/dr-jingyuezhao/).
 
## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)

Commit message:

add image and YouTube video in the demo directory and update README

README.md, after:

# React-Portfolio
Jingyue's Portfolio Site Created with React

## Discription

This project is to develop the initial scaffolding of my portfolio site by using React and mobile-first design. The portfolio uses React and Navigation using React Router, dynamic rendering. It renders these 10 components: App, Header, Footer, Home page, Projects page, ProjectCard, Contact page, ContactInfo, ContactForm, and Jumbotron. The styles can be based on bootstrap with personalised color palette and additional touch. 

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Available Scripts](#available-scripts)
- [Learn More](#learn-more)

## Installation

The portfolio is successfully deployed on GitHub pages. However, there are some steps required to create a React App. 
To install necessary dependencies, run the following command: `npx create-react-app my-app`

## Usage

The deployed application can be accessed following [this link](https://dr-jingyuezhao.github.io/react-portfolio/), and the repository can be accessed following [the link to GitHub repo](https://github.com/dr-jingyuezhao/react-portfolio).

The portfolio contains the following information:
- My name
- Links to my:
    - GitHub profile (My GitHub)
    - LinkedIn page (My LinkedIn)
    - CV in PDF format (My CV)
    - Email address (Email Me)
    - Phone number (Call Me)
- Each project has the following information:
    - Project title
    - GIF or screenshot of the deployed application
    - Link to the deployed version (Link to the Project)
    - Link to the GitHub repository (Learn More on GitHub)

**Application demo**

The following image and YouTube video demonstrate the application's appearance and functionality:

![application demo](./src/assets/demo/React%20portfolio%20demo_gif_7Mar2023.gif)

YouTube video:

[![Watch the video](https://i9.ytimg.com/vi/TZVZZYBzIKc/mqdefault.jpg?sqp=COj1nqAG-oaymwEmCMACELQB8quKqQMa8AEB-AH-CYAC0AWKAgwIABABGGUgZShlMA8=&rs=AOn4CLDkpWfOcRTlfNRCBos0TyaWV6X24g)](https://youtu.be/TZVZZYBzIKc)

## Credits

The application is created by following the instructions of Deploying a React App to GitHub Pages. Some JSX code is based on my bootstrap portfolio with modifications.

Resources:

- https://github.com/gitname/react-gh-pages
- https://reactrouter.com/en/6.8.2
- https://reactgo.com/react-open-link-new-tab/
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45596329/display-pdf-in-reactjs
- https://beta.reactjs.org/reference/react/useState

## Contributing

Create a personal fork of the project on Github and make a clean pull request.

## Questions

If you have any questions about this project, please open an issue or contact me directly at jzhao@gmail.com. 
You can view my profile and find more of my work following [the link to my GitHub profile](https://github.com/dr-jingyuezhao/).
 
## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)
